fix(apple): Add reasons for watchdog terminations (#11460)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/configuration/watchdog-terminations.mdx

This integration tracks [watchdog terminations](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/addressing-watchdog-terminations) based on heuristics. This feature is available for iOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst, works only if the application was in the foreground, and doesn't track watchdog terminations for unit tests.

> When a typical unhandled error occurs, the Apple SDK writes a report to disk with the current state of your application, with details like the stack trace, tags, breadcrumbs, and so on, before the app terminates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a typical unhandled error occurs, the Apple SDK writes a report to disk with the current state of your application, with details like the stack trace, tags, breadcrumbs, and so on, before the app terminates.

```

> When the watchdog terminates your app, this happens without further notice, which means the SDK can't write a report to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The watchdog terminates your app without notice, which means the SDK can't write a report to disk.
```

> A common reason the watchdog can terminate your app is an Out Of Memory problem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common reason the watchdog can terminate your app is an Out Of Memory problem. 

```

> A common reason the watchdog can terminate your app is an Out Of Memory problem. Other less likely reasons are crashes that lead to immediate termination of your app due to security reasons, such as a stack buffer overflow or exceptions with a termination reason of codesigning.
> No third-party crash library can report those because the OS immediately terminates the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common reason the watchdog can terminate your app is an Out Of Memory problem. 
Note that there are some security-related types of crashes which third-party libraries like Sentry can not report, where the OS immediately terminates the app. These are usually infrequent, and include stack buffer overflows, or exceptions with a termination reason related to codesigning.
```

> Note that there are some security-related types of crashes which third-party libraries like Sentry can not report, where the OS immediately terminates the app. These are usually infrequent, and include stack buffer overflows, or exceptions with a termination reason related to codesigning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there are some security-related types of crashes where the OS immediately terminates the app. Third-party libraries like Sentry can't report these incidents. These are usually infrequent, and include stack buffer overflows or exceptions with a termination reason related to code signing.

```

> Those types of crashes can be visible in the [Xcode Organizer](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/acquiring-crash-reports-and-diagnostic-logs), though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those types of crashes can sometimes be visible in the [Xcode Organizer](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/acquiring-crash-reports-and-diagnostic-logs), though.
```

> If the app is terminated because it hangs, we don't create a watchdog termination event, but instead an `AppHangs` event is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the app is terminated because it hangs, we won't create a watchdog termination event, an `AppHangs` event will be created instead.
```
